Explore, the universe
The sword brings forth the sandstorm
Comprehending the mortal's view through the sword's sheath
Ask, for the path through the maze
Crossing the distance of heaven and earth
Ruling over every single thing and creature
My tears, as clear as coloured glass
Mercy, taking arms preparing for war
Stabilising the earth, the flood dragon enters the land
Don't test me, enemies will not forgiven
Just look at this path, overcome resentment,
creation, nirvana, for multiple cycles of reincarnation
Borrowing a few lives of joy and sorrow to refine my heart,
my courage, my love, I'll do it with no regrets
There are numerous love tribulations, struggling against the three worlds,
six paths, nine heavens, for a promise of till death do us apart
Even if I drank from the river of forgetfulness, I will not forget our promise
My soul, the core of my human body
All living things are foolish about separating and reuniting
One thought, a distance of heaven and earth
Experiencing karma, tasting penetrating pain
Just look at this path
overcoming resentment, creation, nirvana, for multiple cycles of reincarnation
Borrowing a few lives of sorrow and joy to refine my heart,
my courage, my love, I'll do it with no regrets
There are numerous love tribulations, struggling against the three worlds,
six paths, nine heavens, for a promise of till death do us apart
Even if I drank from the river of forgetfulness, I will not forget our promise
Blood ties, no boundary between good and evil
Yin and Yang, mutual restrain
Emptiness, a choice in the midst of obsessions
Choose what's good and not heaven's will